Readme.md, before:

# Vehicle parking

## General outline

This is a Java Vehicle-parking application which allows the management of Compact, Standard and Large parking spaces to suit multiple vehicle needs. The application also contains the Vehicle entities Motorcycle, Car and Van to allow testing of the parking.

## UX 

### Strategy

This application solves the needs of a real world parking application, with the ability to track vehicles parking, exiting, parking space availability and give feedback for all of these.

### Scope

The application in its current form does not contain a fronted and is a backend only application. To stay within scope I created a mini checklist which can be found within the project folder. Using the checklist I was able to make the sure the project was created in an organised and efficient manner.

### Surface

This project does not currently have a frontend, future iterations of the project may include this.

### Skeleton

This project does not currently have a frontend, future iterations of the project may include this.

### Structure

The project was made in a modularised fashion separating the Vehicle related files and Parking spot related files, improving code clarity and organisation which should ease future development.


## Testing

The current iteration of the project has no testing performed

## Credits

### Technologies

1. Java

2. ChatGpt

3. VSCode

4.  IntelliJ IDEA

5. Github

6. Github desktop

7. Git version control

Commit message:

Add: Readme future potential improvements

Readme.md, after:

# Vehicle parking

## General outline

This is a Java Vehicle-parking application which allows the management of Compact, Standard and Large parking spaces to suit multiple vehicle needs. The application also contains the Vehicle entities Motorcycle, Car and Van to allow testing of the parking.

## UX 

### Strategy

This application solves the needs of a real world parking application, with the ability to track vehicles parking, exiting, parking space availability and give feedback for all of these.

### Scope

The application in its current form does not contain a fronted and is a backend only application. To stay within scope I created a mini checklist which can be found within the project folder. Using the checklist I was able to make the sure the project was created in an organised and efficient manner.

**Future Improvements**

- Change the application to be an API which can be connected to a frontend 

- Create a frontend to visually track parking spaces including vehicle entries and exits

- Add the tracking and displaying of parking data such as daily total clients and more

### Surface

This project does not currently have a frontend, future iterations of the project may include this.

### Skeleton

This project does not currently have a frontend, future iterations of the project may include this.

### Structure

The project was made in a modularised fashion separating the Vehicle related files and Parking spot related files, improving code clarity and organisation which should ease future development.


## Testing

The current iteration of the project has no testing performed

## Credits

### Technologies

1. Java

2. ChatGpt

3. VSCode

4.  IntelliJ IDEA

5. Github

6. Github desktop

7. Git version control
